# Cumulonimbus Privacy Policy

Last Updated: September 17th, 2023

This document describes the policies and procedures on collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when using Cumulonimbus (which from here on out may be referred to as `We`, `Us`, `Our`, and/or `the Service`), and informs You of Your privacy rights and how You are protected by the law.

The personal information collected is used to provide security and ensure usability for the Service. By using the Service You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

We will alert you of these policies and procedures being updated both by changing the "Last Updated" date above and by prompting you on the Service. If We deem the change great enough you may receive an email concerning the change of the Privacy Policy. While you will be notified of any changes to these policies and procedures We still strongly recommend that you periodically review these policies and procedures.

We respect You and Your privacy, and collect the smallest amounts of data We can.

## What We Collect and Why

When You create an account, You provide a username, email address, and password. We use Your email address to contact You about any/all issues regarding Your account, and is also used for notifying You of Your completion of a data request.

When uploading files to the Service, We store the file, when it was uploaded, and how big it is.

When signing in, We store what device created the session, when it was created, and when it expires.

When making a request to the Service, Your IP address will be logged by Cloudflare, and Our origin servers for abuse and DoS/DDoS protection. Our servers logs are deleted after 30 days. For more information about Cloudflare's policies, visit [Cloudflare's Privacy Policy](https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/).

Our servers log the following information whenever You make a request that reaches Our servers:

- Your IP address
- The type of request being made (e.g. "GET", "POST", "DELETE", etc.)
- The request URI (e.g. "/hello/world.png")
- The HTTP version used to make the request (e.g. HTTP/1.1)
- The response status code (e.g. 200 OK, 404 Not Found, etc.)
- The length of the response sent back to you in bytes
- The referring website, if any
- The User Agent used in the request

Our servers will NOT log this information in the event Cloudflare serves a request from it's cache.

## How We Store Your Data

Everything is stored in Our database which is located on Our origin server, Our origin servers are located in the United States. All of Your files are also located on the origin server, uploads in their original form are not cached by Cloudflare. All previews that are generated by the preview server are cached by Cloudflare. Previews are deleted from Cloudflare's cache after 30 days. Passwords are hashed and salted on Our origin server. Our origin server is only accessible on Our internal network.

## Deleting Your Data

You can request a deletion of Your account and/or files via the profile panel. This action is performed immediately and is irreversible, and all Your information is deleted immediately, except server logs, which are deleted after 30 days.

If you would like a copy of Your information from Our server, please contact Us at <gdpr@alekeagle.me> using the email attributed to Your account, in which you will receive Your information in 2 business days. To ensure that you receive Your account information, do not delete Your account until you have received a response from Us.

Data stored inside of the database is immediately deleted, not marked as "deleted". If You have an issue with performing a deletion of any sort please contact Us as We value Your privacy.

## General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Requests

Outside of logs, all data We store related to Your account can be accessed via Your dashboard. If You would like to access all data related to Your account, You can reach out to <gdpr@alekeagle.me> using the email attributed to Your account, in which you will receive Your information in 2-5 business days.

Due to the lack of account related information contained in Our servers logs related to requests made to the server, We are unable to confidently provide a complete copy of logs related to your account without missing some information or unintentionally including logs not associated with Your account.

Anyone may make a request, irregardless if You live under a jurisdiction with the GDPR or CCPA regulations.

## Contact

If You have any questions please contact Us at <contact@alekeagle.me>.
